# 42_ft_printf

This is a reconstruction of the printf function coded in C. Bit flags are used to handle the conversion specifier flags (#, ' ', -, +, minWidth, precision, length modifiers (l, ll, h, hh, z)). A simple dispatch table is used for the conversion specifier functions. Two structs were made: one to handle the format string and arg/buffer management (fs), and one to handle the flags/minWidth/precision/conversion for each argument (flgs). The latter struct gets refreshed with each new argument conversion. The former stays static throughout the format string conversion, unless an argument with a null character is handled, in which case the buffer will be written and both structs refreshed. Only one number to string conversion function is used (uintmaxtoabase). No need for all the various conversions if you only use unsigned variables and you can pass in the different bases! I found it was necessary to pop off the '-'with negative numbers before handling the conversion anyway for certain formatting, so might as well just pass that positive number to the more general function. This printf handles conversions cspdiouxXb% (b for binary). Asterisk option available for minWidth and precision, to pass next argument for this value. Macros are used generously for readability to obfuscate some of the struct/pointer syntax. Please use the Makefile rules to ensure proper library linking for compilation! You're also gonna need to add a test main called main.c. The executable file's name is abcd, but you can change that in the Makefile. 
